don't be afraid little buddy who's not a
ghost in sight right Luigi Luigi I
thought you were a ghost that's a ghost
I thought you were that's right Luigi in
Messina
yo she's running away hey Yoshi keep
running don't be afraid little buddy
there's not a card in sight right Luigi
I thought you heard right Luigi that's
no Yoshi now please yourselves into mine
I thought you were
oh she's running away ideas he'll close
we're not so crazy about
we never did anything to you why are you
holding us prisoner
yo she's running away where could that
lostcape kid be seems like we've been
searching the enchanted forest for hours
yo she's running away